tiup: add examples for tiup version placehoder (#12522)
pingcap/docs: upgrade-tidb-using-tiup.md

    tiup cluster stop <cluster-name>
    ```

> 2. Use the `upgrade` command with the `--offline` option to perform the offline upgrade. `<cluster-name>` is the cluster name, and `<version>` is the version to upgrade to, such as `v6.5.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Use the `upgrade` command with the `--offline` option to perform the offline upgrade. Fill in the name of your cluster for `<cluster-name>` and the version to upgrade to for `<version>`, such as `v6.5.0`.
```

### The evict leader has waited too long during the upgrade. How to skip this step for a quick upgrade?

> You can specify `--force`. Then the processes of transferring PD leader and evicting TiKV leader are skipped during the upgrade. The cluster is directly restarted to update the version, which has a great impact on the cluster that runs online. In the following command, `<cluster-name>` is the cluster name, and `<version>` is the version to upgrade to, such as `v6.5.0`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can specify `--force`. Then the processes of transferring PD leader and evicting TiKV leader are skipped during the upgrade. The cluster is directly restarted to update the version, which has a great impact on the cluster that runs online. In the following command, `<version>` is the version to upgrade to, such as `v6.5.0`.
```
